You need to make this repository fully portable and buildable on Google Cloud Build / Cloud Run without any Replit-specific infrastructure.

Primary Objective

Eliminate all dependency on Replit's internal npm registry (package-firewall.replit.local) and produce a clean, portable package-lock.json that works with the public npm registry.

Tasks
Inspect the repository for any Replit-specific npm configuration, including but not limited to:
.npmrc
.yarnrc
.yarnrc.yml
package.json
Replit configuration files
shell scripts
build scripts
environment variable usage
Detect any usage of:
package-firewall.replit.local
NPM_CONFIG_REGISTRY
npm_config_registry
YARN_REGISTRY
YARN_NPM_REGISTRY_SERVER
any other registry override.
Remove every project-level registry override that points to Replit.
Ensure the project uses the standard npm registry:
https://registry.npmjs.org/
Before generating dependencies, explicitly clear any inherited registry overrides for the current process.
Delete:
node_modules
package-lock.json
Regenerate dependencies from the public npm registry only.
Produce a completely new package-lock.json containing no references whatsoever to:
package-firewall.replit.local
replit.local
internal registries
private mirrors
Verify by searching the generated lockfile.

If any occurrence exists, treat it as a failure and regenerate.

Ensure every required build dependency is explicitly declared in package.json.

In particular verify:

typescript
vite
esbuild

Do not rely on transitive dependencies.

Verify the application builds successfully using:
npm ci
npm run build
Verify that the resulting repository is compatible with Docker and Google Cloud Build.
Deliverables

When complete, provide:

Summary of every change made
Any files modified
Confirmation that package-lock.json contains zero references to Replit registries
Confirmation that a clean npm ci succeeds
Confirmation that npm run build succeeds
Any remaining issues that could affect Cloud Run deployment

If Replit prevents generation of a portable lockfile because registry environment variables are enforced by the platform, explicitly report that limitation instead of silently generating another lockfile that references package-firewall.replit.local.